readme.md: Add link to the contribution guide (#127)
nim-works/nimskull: readme.md

## Contributing

> For contribution guide see our contribution [guide](https://nim-works.github.io/nimskull/contributing.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing is simplified thanks to our [contribution guide](https://nim-works.github.io/nimskull/contributing.html).

```
